Update Hosting documentation (#8510)
Scille/parsec-cloud: docs/hosting/maintenance/index.rst

.. Parsec Cloud (https://parsec.cloud) Copyright (c) BUSL-1.1 2016-present Scille SAS

.. _doc_hosting_server_migration:

.. cspell:words linenos literalinclude

==================
Server Maintenance
==================

> This guide covers the maintenance procedure for the `Parsec`_ server (also called `parsec-server`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section covers how to maintain the Parsec server up to date.
```
